###Neighbor Table

##Objective:
 To create a peer-to-peer application that connects home chefs with guests seeking an authentic home dining experience.


##How It Works/Executive Summary :

#NeighborDiners: 
Users of the app find “NeighborTables” by utilizing an integrated mapping application that displays available homes, table times, price points, photos, and customer reviews. NeighborDiners will be rated by NeighborPartners based on quality of character. Any Neighbor diner that falls below 4 of five stars in their respective dinning class will be suspended from that dining class and all superior classes.

#NeighborPartners: 
Partner users of the app host NeighborTables in their home by providing authentic dining with warm and sincere experience. NeighborPartners will be rated by NeighborDiners based on food quality, hospitality, and cleanliness. Any NighborPartner that falls below 4 of five stars in their respective dinning class will be suspended from the partner application.

  
#Table Reservations:
 Once a NeighborDiner selects at NeighborPartner the NeighborPartner reserves the right to accept or decline NeighborDiner for any reason. Once the Diner selects a partner their payment method will be pre-authorized to ensure payment availability. Both parties will be able to contact each other via interapplication communications, voice, and text messaging. 

#Payments: 
All payments are made through the application. Once the diner arrives at the partners residence the partner is expected to open the app and “Swipe to Begin Dining” locations services will remind the partner to swipe to begin dining based on the location services that indicate when the diner is arriving. Once the dining experience is complete then the partner will be required to “swipe to complete” the experience. After the partner swipes to complete the transaction the dinner’s payment method will be authorized for the transaction.

#Payment Adjustments: 
The partner reserves the right to make payment adjustments based on upselling or discounts for service, quality, ingredient availability, and discretionary purposes. Any upsell changes must be requested by the partner and accepted by the diner prior to “swipe to complete” transaction occurs.

#Partner Etiquette: 
Partners are ladies and gentlemen serving ladies and gentleman. The point is to serve others as you would like to be served and treat diners with respect and gracefulness. Partners will welcome diners into their homes with a smile and eye contact followed by a handshake or a bow with hands in prayer. The diners will be escorted to the table or a lounging area and immediately offered a beverage and a coaster.  The initial drink offering shall be provided within the first 5 minutes, the initial appetizer shall be provided with in 20 minutes and the entre shall be provided within 45 minutes of arrival.

#Diner Etiquette: 
The diners are ladies and gentleman being served by ladies in gentlemen and are expected to respect the traditions and customs of the Neighbor partners. Since all diners are rated by the partners on “quality of character” is it important to be respectful in order to maintain a high rating to continue using the application and be accepted by future partners.

Food safety: Partners must wash hands after any exposure to raw meat, the bathroom, or soiled plates or dining utensils. The partner must follow all practices outlined the food safety requirements provided by the X association of X.
Background checks: All partners must pass a background check that searches Federal, State, local criminal histories. If the partner has a misdemeanor or felony on record the partner will be disqualified.

Service animals and pets: Partners and Diners are not allow to have an animal present during the dining experience unless the animal qualifies as a service animal.

Alcohol: Policy TBD

Insurance: When the NeighborTable partner app is in use during the dining experience the partner is covered with $500,000 in liability insurance
Partner salaries: Partners will be paid weekly based on revenue generated by competing dining experiences. 

NeighborTable’s cut: Neighbor table will claim 20% of each transaction plus a $2.50 neighbor safety fee.

Food Allergies: Food allergies will be added to the Diner’s profile. It is the responsibility of both the diner and partner to review the ingredients if special food allergies exist

Taxes: The partner will be provided a 1099 tax form at year end

Disclaimer: A liability disclaimer is to be accepted by both the partner and diner prior to use of the application. NeighborTable accepts no responsibility for injury, food-borne illness, or actions or diners or partners.
Privacy statement: A privacy statement is to be accepted by both the partner and diner prior to use of the application. User and profile information and location can and will be shared among the Neighbor table community.
